CSE 436 Final Project

Project Name: iColor

Members:
Yuhan Hao 	439140	haoyuhan@wustl.edu
Qi Wei 	440269	qiwei@wustl.edu
Xinyu Yan 	437758	xinyu.yan@wustl.edu
Bojian Li 	441218	li23@wustl.edu

Description:

Our product is a super-fast color generator!
User can generate any color at light speed just by tapping on the screen.
Save your favorite colors in your pocket!
Try out every possibility in a palette!
Mix any two chosen colors with any proportion.
We will give you the best matching color combinations for the current color instantly!
We will give you the name of the nearest known color.



TODO:

Side Navigation Bar:
4 tab
can be used in any children vc
slide from aside and can be hidden by sliding back.
each cell: Word or image.

GenerateVC:
tableView with 5 cells in it.
each cell has the color associate with it and also the hex value.
each cell clickable, collapse the top cells, expand the detail view from bottom, which will show the detail value for this color. including the save and cancel button.
Or each cell is expandable so that if clicked it will expand and show the detail value.
a button at bottom that can refresh the page so that user can generate another 5 colors.
Detail view is hidden by default.

DrawVC:
display a tablet zone that user can draw on.(check on youtube video, draw in xcode)
slider that user can set border width
provide 5 default colors.
can choose from my colors.
can choose customized color from color picking page.


save the current image to photo library / or just save it to local? maybe in my pockets?

MixVC:
2 buttons in the mid that user can click to choose colors from 3 modes:
    1. go to another page called simple colors which lists all the simple colors in a tableView.
    2. go to my pockets.
    3. go to customized color picking page.

slider that user can set how many levels in between
another alider user can use to set the brightness.
set the color of each tableView cell

My Pocket:
collectionView to show the colors that have been saved (upper part)
collectionView to show the images that we have saved (lower part)
each one can be clicked and will go to customized color picking page.
an + button to go to the color picking page.

Color picking Page: (Plan B)
current color on the top
detail RGB value on the bottom. Save/Cancel button





Be aware:

We want to use auto layout so that it can be used in iphones of different sizes. So no hard coding of frame size.


Optional:

We might need to implement the best matching colors feature.
The round palette that we can choose any color from.









